Added limitation for management tenant access (#4557)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/service-terms/service-level-bundle/platform-sla.md

* **Data recovery**: While {{< company-c8y >}} maintains backups of data for its own business continuity management, disaster recovery on behalf of Customer (for example, after accidental data deletion by Customer) is a separate service. Customer expressly acknowledges the backup retention period and RPO outline above.
* **Email notification**:  {{< company-c8y >}} provides a basic notification service via standard SMTP (unencrypted, port 25) for Customer to use via the {{< company-c8y >}} infrastructure components (SMTP relay). This infrastructure has been setup to transfer emails using the {{< company-c8y >}} domain, including, for example, correct SPF records for this domain. Customers using an {{< enterprise-tenant>}} can configure their own email domain and relay and use, for example, encrypted SMTP (STARTTLS) or SMTPS with their own SMTP relay. If Customer uses their own email domain, it is in the responsibility of Customer to configure, for example, the correct SPF records for that domain.

> * **Management tenant**: For Cumulocity Start or Business, {{< company-c8y >}} is operating the management tenant, customers do not have access to it. For Enterprise (dedicated), {{< company-c8y >}} and the customer share the management tenant. For the management tenant, Single sign on (SSO) is not available as customer service.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **{{< management-tenant>}}**: For {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Start or Business, {{< company-c8y >}} is operating the {{< management-tenant>}}; customers do not have access to it. For Enterprise (dedicated), {{< company-c8y >}} and the customer share the {{< management-tenant>}}. For the {{< management-tenant>}}, single sign on (SSO) is not available as customer service.   
```
